Specifying $UNIFFI_TESTS_DISABLE_EXTENSIONS can skip foreign tests. (#1031)
mozilla/uniffi-rs: docs/contributing.md

  * A `ruby` interpreter.
  * The [`FFI`](https://github.com/ffi/ffi) Ruby gem, installable via `gem install FFI`.

> We also support an environment variable UNIFFI_TESTS_DISABLE_EXTENSIONS; It is a set of file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We also support an environment variable `UNIFFI_TESTS_DISABLE_EXTENSIONS`; It is a set of file
```

> extensions in the format of your platform's PATH variable. Eg,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
extensions in the format of your platform's `PATH` variable. E.g.,
```

`UNIFFI_TESTS_DISABLE_EXTENSIONS=swift:rb cargo test` will skip test filenames ending in `.swift`

> or `.rb`. (On Windows, use `swift;rb`)

Reviewer: (In general I'm a [fan of semantic linebreaks](https://sembr.org/), that makes future changes much less noisy in diffs)

Reviewer: More on context: huh, TIL Rust ships that as a function (`split_paths`), but I wonder if we should simply standardize on something here? Not sure how helpful the difference is per OS.
Then again it's a small feature so maybe not even worth spending time over.

Author: Yeah, I went around in circles here too, and just because I didn't like explaining it was different per-platform I just went with
"comma separated".
